He charges one dollar for each cup of lemonade.
His first customer wants to pay for the lemonade
with 100 pennies.
Is this enough money?
Since 1 penny is equal to 1 cent,
100 pennies is equal to 100 cents.
And 100 cents is equal to 1 dollar.
So the customer has enough money for the cup of lemonade.
Elias has another customer that orders a cup of lemonade.
His next customer pays for the lemonade with a dollar bill.
The easiest way to pay a dollar is with a one dollar bill.
We write one dollar like this...
with a dollar sign in the front.
The number of dollars comes next. For one dollar,
we write the digit 1.
Then comes a decimal point separating the ones from the
decimals,
or the bills from the cents.
And the amount of extra cents come after the decimal point.
For exactly one dollar, there are zero extra cents.
Another friends wants a cup of lemonade, too.
This customer wants to pay with 4 quarters.